---
title: "2017 Story 3"
date: 2017-01-15
draft: true
---

Visiting Karen

Christmas traditions are somewhat similar to Chinese New Year’s traditions. For example, everyone especially family members and friends send greeting and holiday wishes to eachother during the holiday season. I took my family to visit my friend Karen on the first day after Christmas. Karen is the widow of my mentor, Richard Brody. My friendship with the Brody family was established one month after  I came to the United States.

Eventhough our world is constitute with diversified people. A lot of human nature are interlinked. Karen is a Jewish, professional psychologist, specializing in children's psychological problems. She has two children. Daughter Rachel married well, her husband's family is rich. The second child, Daniel, did art in photography, and his financial situation was poor. He just married a Turkish woman not long ago.

Shortly after meeting Richard more than 20 years ago, I knew that Rachel had a bad relationship with her parents. She thinks her parents are poor and has no ability. Richard Brody has a histort PHD and worked at the universityi; Karen independently sees the patient and is a psychological consultant in a private school. They are not rich but they definitely belong to the middle-class intellectual family. But they live in the Brooklyn Heights. There is a rich area. Rachel’s classmates are very rich. She later graduated from college and went to Goldman Sachs as a sales assistant. Goldman Sachs is a place where rich people get together. Later, she met her boyfriend Michael on Long Island. Michael's father is a cardiac surgeon. When the two of them got engaged, the future father-in-law gave her a BMW car. At that time, Richard smiled bitterly at me and said that he had never driven a BMW in his life. Rachel moved to Long Island after getting married. She and Michael have three daughters. Richard died shortly after her eldest daughter was born. Karen has been widowed ever since.

It's noon to visit Karen. She cooked soup for us. The children are playing with toys in her office. My husband and I ate with her in the kitchen and talked about homely. I reported to her about the children's learning. She told me that Rachel’s eldest daughter was 13 years old. In the first half of the year, the Jewish adult ceremony hosted 150 guests. My husband and I were very surprised. That was done according to the posture of a small wedding. When grandma and grandma don't have less sponsorship. Karen later reported that she would help Daniel buy a small apartment in a poor district in the first half of the second half. Now Daniel repays the loan and pays the apartment management fee. My husband and I agree that this is a good help for her son.

Karen sighed at this moment and said, "Rachel is particularly angry about this. She thinks that she is a partial son of a mother."
My husband said after hearing: "This first installment of money is not enough for her to buy a luxury car. Your son uses the money from the previous rental house for the house. Don't worry about increasing the rent. This is a very different help Yeah!"
Karen said sadly: "She doesn't come to see me now for the holidays. Daniel proposes a party and let him cook. Rachel says she is busy and didn't have time to see them before March."

I am very sorry for Karen. But based on past experience, this is a new representation of an old problem. Just comfort her that children all over the world want their parents to have a bowl of water. When parents want their children with poor economic conditions not to be too bad. This is a contradiction. Karen said she had given Rachel children a lot of money in the past ten years. Daniel had no family and no children before. She helped him very little. Now he is married. Of course I want to help him more. I said I can understand but Rachel cannot understand. She just regarded getting money as love. In fact, love is an ability to give. It is her misfortune to not understand this.

After coming out of Karen's house, my husband and I discussed this problem we will face in the future. In order to vaccinate children. At dinner, we told our two children about Karen and her children. Explained to them that the same money is icing on the cake for one person and icing on the cake for the other. Both of them agreed not to measure love by their parents' financial assistance when they grew up. At the same time, family relationship is more important than social status. We can't guarantee that the two of them will live in harmony in the future. I hope they can learn to look at people and things from another angle before their nature has been eroded by the culture of money.

