---
title: "2017 Story 2"
date: 2017-01-08
draft: true
---

Margaret Sanger

I didn't have a wedding when my husband and I got married. After a year and a half of marriage and our daughter was 5 months old, we organized an outdoor reception to celebrate our family of three. At that time, I found a manor more than an hour's drive from New York City. I spoke with the owner of the manor, rented one of their guests' house and set up a tent in the garden to host a party. The owner of the manor, Pag, worked with me enthusiastically. There is a willow lake in her manor. Our party is on the edge of the loake.

Peg was particularly proud to tell me that the former owner of this manor was Margaret Sanger. I didn’t know the name before the party. After checking her name, I hope everyone knows her. Especially modern women. Each of us has benefited from Mrs. Sanger’s brave conception of birth control one hundred years ago. She is the founder of Planned Parenthood.

In 1916, Mrs. Sanger, 37, opened the first birth control clinic in the United States in Brooklyn, New York. Five years later, she founded the American Birth Control Alliance, which was the predecessor of the Planned Parenthood. Now the name of this organization was changed in 1942. From 1952 to 1959 she was chairman of the International Planned Parenthood Federation. She didn't leave that job until she was 79. She died in 1966. She is the world's recognized founder of the modern birth control movement.

Mrs. Sanger was born in a Catholic family. Her mother gave birth to children for many years (18 times in 22 years, 11 children survived), and died early at the age of 49. At that time Margaret was 12 years old. She is the sixth child in the family. She and her sisters take care of the younger brothers and sisters at home. As an adult, she became a nurse. She and her husband joined the left political activities. Because of her professional relationship and her feminist tendencies, she published a frank column on sex education for mothers of reproductive age and young women in the magazine. By the standards of American society at the time, her articles were too explicit. Many conservative magazine readers are very angry. But another part of the enlightened person was glad to read her article.

During the diagnosis and treatment of low income women, Sanger found that many women were frequently pregnant, giving birth, and having abortions because of a lack of proper contraception knowledge. Some women try to abort themselves. This is very harmful to their physical and mental health. The US law in that time did not allow the dissemination of contraceptive information. Sanger believes that only when women are freed from the suffering of forced pregnancy, social changes of gender equality will take place. She launched a campaign to challenge the government's review of contraceptive information through countermeasures. She was accused of violating postal obscenity laws. In 1914 she was forced into exile in England. During her exile, she learned more advanced contraception. In 1916 she opened the first birth control clinic in Brooklyn, New York. On the 9th day of the clinic's opening, she was arrested by the police. Through multiple arrests, trials and legal appeals, in 1918 the New York Court of Appeal issued a ruling allowing doctors to prescribe contraception. Mrs. Sanger's birth control campaign won an initial victory. She has promoted women's birth control movements worldwide for nearly 50 years.

Those of us who were born after her death regarded contraception as a matter of fact. Who would have thought about the big injustice this was a hundred years ago. In fact, in the 21st century, Planned Parenthood is still bothered by the conservative forces. Regardless of what the new president will do, we as modern women have an obligation to fight for gender equality. There is an obligation to defend the right of spontaneous birth that Mrs. Sanger had won a hundred years ago.

Continued:
Yesterday's post introducing Mrs. Sanger attracted many friends' interest and questions. The following is the official website address of Planned Parenthood https://www.plannedparenthood.org/

Planned Parenthood, the first target of the soon-to-be-conservative forces. The new bill being discussed in the Republican Congress is the abolition of state funding for Planned Parenthood. Many people feel very old-fashioned when they hear the women's liberation movement. The reality is that the women’s liberation movement is going backwards. The predecessors planted trees to cool off. Now someone wants to uproot the big tree that Mrs. Sang had worked so hard to plant. Those of us who have her shade are obliged to maintain the Planned Parenthood and let it thrive. If possible, please donate to support Planned Parenthood.
https://www.plannedparenthoodaction.org/

The location of my family banquet was the mansion of Mrs. Sanger's second husband. He is the inventor of the three-in-one lubricant. He admired Mrs. Sanger very much and used his financial resources to fully support her career. Her first husband also went to jail for disseminating articles about contraception. On the road of the women's liberation movement, there are many wise men who are also striving for it. My two posts are welcome to reprint. I hope more people care about the planned parenthood.
